## Introduction
This is a dynamic software application built with python used for updateing product price list based inputed exchange rate.
It is GUI application built using Tkinter and comiled to exe format so that it can be used on a device that uses the Windows OS.

## How to use
The main exe executable file is located in the 'output' folder were. The 'output' folder also contains other files which includes the following files: 
- Jireh_resize.png
- JIREH_PRODUCT_PRICE_LIST.csv
- Jireh_logo.ico
- jireh_database.db

These listed files are neccessary for the application to run, if anyone is absent the app may malfunction or not run at all. However, '**jireh_database.db**' is an exception, because it can be generated by the application even after it has been deleted.

When the app is started, it has 2 sections, the **search** section and the **convert section**. 
The **search** section is used to search for items in the database. The **convert** section is used to generate a new file that contains the updated prices of items based on the rate specified in the box beside the **convert** button.

The updated file can be found in the '**/export**' folder where '/' is the root of where the application file ('main.exe') is located

NB: The application is designed to only work with the 'JIREH_PRODUCT_PRICE_LIST.csv' file. In future revisions of the application, it will be designed to work with other files. Also because the the '**main.exe**' is too large, it has been compressed to several zip and rar file formats, to break down the size.
